The beginning of this week in Stat 157 was a continuation of what we had done previously - getting the class up to speed in terms of installing the software and ensuring that everyone's machines could run iPython notebook. Although we have been working on this for quite some time now, and many of us are becoming a bit frustrated that we haven't achieved more in four weeks, I think one important lesson is the usefulness of our peers. Utilizing my group's technical lead to direct any questions I may have in terms of installing the software and using github proved to be extremely helpful. Similarly, our operational lead has done an excellent job in making sure that everyone is on the same page, and reminding us to turn in weekly reflections, which has been very helpful. I think this collaborative culture should be fostered throughout the Berkeley campus. Too many of my classes have been focused on curves, "beating" the rest of the class, and cramming in the library alone. This is not effective. The real world is not a cubicle, and Berkeley should be encouraging a team-oriented culture. I think that my experience in this course so far has shown me how much more effective and efficient it is to utilize our peers.

The end of the week focused more on our perceptions of the course and where we wanted to take the course from here. While I agree that this is the first time such a course has been taught, numerous students feel that the disorganization of the course i inhibiting the workflow. Students have suggested on multiple occasions that it would be more effective and a better use of time to have step-by-step instructions. This suggestion was made during the second week of the course, and it still has not been implemented. I think this would have made the pace of the course much smoother. Also, it is frustrating to spend valuable class time doing basically "tech support." While I agree that it is important, we should not be using class time to acknowledge individual needs. That is what office hours are for. That is why we should utilize our peers outside of class. Helping one student while 35 others sit around is not an efficient use of time.

We also spent a significant amount of class time discussing when the class would prefer to have the reflections due - either Saturday as it currently is, or Sunday. To be honest, I think this was a fruitless discussion, and again something that didn't necessarily need to use class time. While I agree that it may be more convenient for some students to turn in reflections on the last day of the weekend, I don't understand why there needs to be a consensus on the deadline. A deadline is a deadline, and in the real world, we are likely not going to agree with all of our deadlines. A majority of a deadline is enforcing a sense of accountability among students. If the deadline is on Saturday, students should be expected to turn it in on Saturday, without making excuses. We are college students here, and I know that everyone in the class has taken courses with harsh deadlines; it seems trivial for students to complain about moving the reflection deadline up a day.
