	This week's class was a continuation of installing the necessary tools for the class and getting accustomed to the technologies that we will be implementing in the course. Although it is nice that the professor/GSI's are ensuring that everyone is up to speed, I think that it may be slowing the class down a bit. 

	I believe that part of the learning process is trying, failing, trying again, failing again, and eventually figuring something out either on your own or by asking your peers. This course does an excellent job of showing us how useful our peers are to one another: rather than waste unnecessary time trying to solve something, it is more efficient and more useful to use the skills and experience of your peers to help with learning. However, I do feel like it is important for students to take the time to attempt approaching a problem themselves before asking for help. This is why I think it would be more effective for students to attempt downloading and installing the software at home, outside of class, rather than use up class time to do so. If students need help, we can ask our peers for help or attend office hours to get everything set up. I think that would be a more efficient use of class time.

	Another important skill to have is the ability to ask for and receive criticism or suggestions for improvement. This is something that the instructors for this course do incredibly well. I think that this signals to the students that the instructors genuinely want us to succeed and want the class to be useful, which is a refreshing change from most classes at Berkeley. 

	We spent a majority of the class on Thursday discussing our pluses and deltas regarding the course. It was interesting to hear other people's thoughts and suggestions regarding the class. It was also useful to know that some of the thoughts that our group had were also felt by others'. While I do think that it is helpful and useful to give and listen to criticism, I again feel like time would be better spent if we used our reflections as a means to give feedback rather than class time. 

	Professor Culich mentioned that the pace of the class will take a sharp turn starting next week, so it will be interesting to see what we discuss in class from now on. 
