Stat 157 
Blog Reflection

	The first week of Statistics 157 introduced the class to collaborative data science and the tools that we will be utilizing this semester to work on various projects. Professor Culich introduced us to Git, VirtualBox, and Adium, among many others. I have little experience in programing and data science, yet I am extremely excited to begin working with these pieces of software.

	I had a little trouble earlier this week mounting the Ubuntu software onto VirtualBox, so I headed up to Professor Culich's office to see if he could help me. We ended up having a great conversation; I told him why I was interested in the class and what I hope to do in the future, and he gave me more insight into his passions and what he hopes to achieve through this class. 

	What struck me most about our conversation was the emphasis on collaboration. As I mentioned to Professor Culich, most courses I have taken at Berkeley do not emphasize working in teams or collaborating on projects. Instead, the majority of Statistics and Economics courses that I have taken involve self-study, memorization, and practice. There is often little group work other than the occasional study group. I believe that instructors should work to change this mentality; much of the work we do after college, whether it be in industry or through research, involves working with a team and requires us to develop collaborative skills. It is also much more efficient to be able to use your peers as resources rather than as competition. I think that this course, with its focus on collaboration, is a great way to introduce the concept of collaboration in the field of Statistics, and I hope that more classes can be offered that possess a similar mentality.
	
	I also quickly realized that this course will involve an extensive amount of self-exploration and discovery. I just spend around 2-3 hours exploring the github.com website, watching different tutorials, and attempting to understand how the software works. It's exciting to learn and teach things to myself using my own time and interest, rather than being assigned pages in a textbook.

	I'm extremely excited to begin working on projects, and I can't wait to see where Professor Culich takes this class.
